Readme 
=========

Assignment 3

implemention of set of below relational operations:
SelectPipe, SelectFile, Project, Join, DuplicateRemoval, Sum, GroupBy, and WriteOut.

TEAM:
=========
Sharath Chandra Darsha 	 UFID: 45194064

Suresh Koppisetty	 UFID: 18111766	

Important Note:
=========
We tested with 10M  and 1GB data, but only included 10MB Data with the code.Please set the correct path if you wanna test with 1GB Data/ or your own data.

Please make sure that the Data Path in the test.cat is valid before you test.

Current Settings in test.cat:
=========
../source/catalog

../DATA/10M/


Folder Structure:
=========
./
./README
./Makefile
./source/
./bin/
./bin/testcases/
./DATA/10M/

Steps to compile:
=========
starting from the root folder

1. make clean				// Clean any previously compiled code 
2. make all					// Compile all the files necessary  
3. cd bin
4. ./gtesting.o < 1.txt		// to create and load DBfiles for all the tables
5. ./test [1-8]				// to run the different queries in test.cc

Executable Files:
========
2. gtesting.o 
3. test


Settings:
=========
The following variables control the various file locations and they are declared in test.h  (just after the #include header declarations):
	o dbfile_dir -- this is where the created heap db-files will be stored. By default, this is set to "" (thus all the heap dbfiles will be created in the "bin" directory).
	o tpch_dir -- this stores the directory path where the tpch-files can be found. The "/DATA/" directory already has the required table files generated by tpchgen and the path should be accessible by the program. We supplied only 10M data along with the code.
	o catalog_path -- this stores the catalog file path. By default this is set to "source" folder. 


Results with 1G Data 
=========
